docs: link to our registry guide in the minikube docs (#753)
tilt-dev/tilt.build: docs/choosing_clusters.md

[Minikube](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube) is what we recommend when
you're willing to pay some overhead for a more high-fidelity cluster.

Minikube has tons of options for customizing the cluster. You can choose between
a VM and a Docker container for running a machine, choose from different
container runtimes, and more.

Follow these instructions to set up Minikube for use with Tilt:

> [**Minikube Setup Instructions**](https://github.com/tilt-dev/minikube-local)

Reviewer: consider the `.attached-above` class on this link for emphasis + spacing (e.g. https://github.com/tilt-dev/tilt.build/blob/e69f39aaa38af81ddcf9ae6b4030d2e85296715e/docs/example_python.md#L30 )

Author: done

### Pros

- The most full-featured local Kubernetes solution
- Can easily run different Kubernetes versions, container runtimes, and controllers
- Supports a local image registry (with our [custom setup instructions](https://github.com/tilt-dev/minikube-local)).
  Pushing images is fast. No fiddling with image registry auth credentials.

### Cons

- We often see engineers struggle to set it up the first time, getting lost in a
  maze of VM drivers that they're unfamiliar with.
- Minikube gives you lots of options, but many of them are difficult to use
  or require manual setup. 
- Beware if using a VM instead of a Docker container to run your cluster.

>   You usually want to shutdown minikube when you're finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You'll usually want to shut down minikube when you're finished because of the VM's drain on your resources.
```
Doesn't have to be those exact words but something like that

Author: done
